Expresses the sense of Congress that: (1) the U.S. Postal Service should issue a postage stamp honoring the crew of the USS Mason DE-529 (the only World War II U.S. Navy destroyer with a predominantly black enlisted crew) who fought and served during World War II.; and (2) the Citizens' Stamp Advisory Committee should recommend to the Postmaster General that such a stamp be issued.
[26, 37]

Requires the Committee on Standards of Official Conduct to report to the House of Representatives, with respect to the activities addressed in its report of February 26, 2010 (regarding possible connections between PMA Group campaign contributions and specific earmarks), on: (1) how many witnesses were interviewed; (2) how many, if any, subpoenas were issued in the course of their investigation; and (3) what documents were reviewed and their availability for public review.
[79, 411]

Supports the designation of a National Child Awareness Month to promote awareness of children's charities and youth-serving organizations across the United States.
[91, 583]

Provides for appointment of a House of Representatives committee joined with a Senate committee to notify the President that a quorum of each House has assembled.
[93, 741]

Expresses: (1) appreciation to the individuals and organizations that comprise the National Urban Search and Rescue System of the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) for their work as first responders to victims of disasters; and (2) support for FEMA, including its Urban Search and Rescue Task Forces, as it undertakes response and recovery efforts in connection with the January 12, 2010, earthquake in Haiti.
[111, 566]

Expresses support for the goals and ideals of Red Ribbon Week.Encourages: (1) children and teens to live drug-free lives; and (2) people in the United States to promote drug-free communities and to participate in drug prevention activities.
[124, 194]

Expresses support for the goals and ideals of American Heart Month and National Wear Red Day.
[130, 580]

Commemorates the life and legacy of Cynthia DeLores Tucker and encourages the continued pursuit of her vision to eliminate racial and gender prejudice.
[191, 855]

Supports the goals and ideals of National Homeownership Month. Recognizes the importance of homeownership in building strong communities and families. Reaffirms the importance of homeownership in the nation's economy and its central role in our national economic recovery.
[241, 545]

Expresses support for the goals and ideals of National Estuaries Day. Expresses the intent of the House of Representatives to continue working to protect and restore U.S. estuaries.
[402, 405]

Recognizes and honors the Hudson River School painters for their contributions to the United States.
[449, 689]

Commends Calvin Borel for his victory at the 135th Kentucky Derby.
[470, 770]

Amends Rule XI (Procedures of Committees and Unfinished Business) of the Rules of the House of Representatives to require the chair at a committee or subcommittee hearing, immediately after announcing the subject of the hearing, to state whether he or she has, had, or intends to have any financial interest in the employer of any witness at the hearing, any person retaining any such witness, or any person represented by any such witness. Requires the chair then to recognize the ranking minority member solely for the purpose of making the same statement.
[706, 922]

Expresses the sense of the House of Representatives that: (1) state and local governments should only execute the power of eminent domain for the public good; (2) state and local governments must always justly compensate affected individuals in accordance with the Fifth Amendment; (3) eminent domain should never be used to advantage one private party over another; (4) no state or local government should construe Kelo v. City of New London (Kelo) as justification to abuse the power of eminent domain; and (5) Congress reserves the right to address, through legislation, any abuses of eminent domain by state and local governments in light of Kelo.
[746, 928]

Declares that it is the sense of the House of Representatives that, in order to continue aggressive growth in our nation's telecommunications and technology industries, the U.S. government should "Get Out of the Way and Stay Out of the Way" by: (1) promoting investment through deregulation and free-market competition; (2) reforming the Universal Service Fund and encouraging broadband deployment in rural unserved and underserved areas through public-private partnerships; (3) making additional spectrum available for commercial use through unencumbered auctions; (4) establishing a national goal of transmitting high-quality, real-time voice, data, graphics, and video at increasingly higher speeds to all people in the United States; (5) reforming our patent and trademark system to protect leading innovators' intellectual property; and (6) ensuring individual privacy without compromising market efficiencies.
[791, 832]

